You are arrogant and domineering
misbehaving
All good children have been raised by you
And it's none of my business that you're going bankrupt
Dare to bully my son's wife
I can't spare you
Doudou let's go
Investing is a big deal
Gu Zhenting divested for me
Why did he do that?
That's because you're attractive
Don't make trouble
You were promoted to director of clothing as soon as you joined the company
It shows that your professional ability has attracted his attention
In his heart
Your talent is more important than the investment company
Charming as you say
It turns out that you have strong working ability.
Could it be that you think he likes you?
How can you like me?
What if?
in case
I won't like him one day
Where does Doudou want to play at night?
Playground walking
Hey, hey.
I want you to like it
Wait until I get home and change my clothes